---
title: "Derby City Watch"
date: 2025-11-12 13:11:49
categories: [fire-&-rescue]
tags: [police, scanner, active, derby-city-watch]
status: Active
---

**November 12, 2025 - Derby City Watch**

Summary generation failed. Raw bullets:

- [Feed] Louisville_MetroSafe_Suburban_Fire_5-8_Okolona_Tac_80
- Battalion 71, go ahead. He attached me to the railroad, Quentin 61. Battalion 71, go on scene 4503, Fagan Bush. Battalion 71, go on scene 1234. Quentin 61, go on scene 4503, Fagan Bush. Quentin 61, go on scene 1235. Battalion 71, radio. Battalion 71, go ahead. We have an unresponsive breathing patient. Engine 81, respond. Engine 81, respond. Engine 82, engine 81, respond on a commercial alarm. 903 Fairdale Rd, cross with National Turnpike. 10 door at Ohio Valley EDU. General fire alarm, 1258. Battalion 71. Engine 81's on scene at a one-story church. Nothing showing, has been evacuated. One on scene, one-story church. Nothing showing, has been evacuated, 1248. Engine 61, is PD needed? Engine 81, engine 82, you can go in service. Engine 82, radio, social service. Engine 82, in service, 1241. Radio to Quentin 61 of Battalion 71. Engine 81, radio. Lines cut off by construction. Engine 81, in service. Engine 81, in service, 1246. Battalion 71, in service. In service, 1248. Battalion 71, in service. Battalion 71, in service, 1248. Engine 81, responding on a medical delta, four west, E Wilshire Blvd, cross with Daytona. It's going to be 86-year-old female, short of air, 1249. Engine 48, responding. Engine 48, responding on a medical delta, H-12, Colonel Anderson Pky, cross with Cheshire Way. 10-year-old male, seizure longer than normal, 1250. Radio to Engine 48, you can cancel. Engine 48 to radio, keep us on the run, please. Provider on the quarter. Radio's okay. Engine 31, responding. Engine 31, you can keep responding. Queen 31, Engine 32, responding on a commercial alarm, 901 Blankenbaker Pky PARKWAY, cross of old Blankenbaker and Ransom at Arcadia Senior Living. General fire alarm, 1252. Engine 47, radio, we mark this of service, please. Engine 47, out of service, 1255. Engine 81 to radio, we're on scene. Crank address is going to be number four, E Wilshire Blvd. Scene and radio's okay, 1256. Engine 48's on scene, take us to Colonel Anderson. Engine 48 on scene, 1256. Engine 32 on scene, got a three-story assisted living facility, nothing showing. Engine 32 on scene, three-story assisted living facility, nothing showing, 1256. Engine 31 on scene, standby water. Queen 31 on scene, standby water, 1256. Engine 32 radio, cross through on a curve, Engine 32, can handle. Radio's okay. Engine 31 available. Queen 31 available, 1259.
- Radio 2112, be advised, Metro is going to be holding one at 8th and Liberty to be served at Sergio Cardenas, as they're not going to be taken to the book. 211 radio, I'll take care of that Metro hold, I'm about 30 minutes away. , I'll show you the route at 126. 100 radio, do we not have a closer car for that? If you have units on channel 0, one that would be closer than a half hour to 8th and Liberty. 83, I'll pick it up. 83, 126. That is okay, I'm canceling. Car 83, I'm , Eastern Liberty. , it's 12-22. 156 radio. 156. I'm getting flagged now, I'm a spectrum guy who's had a lady just pull a gun on him at 4609 Beechbrook Rd, apartment 1. 4609 Beechbrook Rd, apartment 1, correct? If you could go ahead and start Metro and see any sheriff's clothes, send them over to me. 4, are you out with that subject currently? I just got flagged down on it, I'm going to go take a look at it. . Any units that could start that way, again, 4609 Beechbrook Rd, apartment 1, again, 4609 Beechbrook Rd. 100 radio, what's the zip code for that? That'll be 40218, we're going to be checking on the process. Thanks. 157, I'm going to start that way, but I'm having trouble finding it on the GPS, it was 4609 Beechbrook Rd. It'll be 4609 Beechbrook Rd, that's going to be Beech with two E's. 151 radio, copy that out of Exxon apartment. 151. 116-03, Summit Crest Dr, apartment 103, 155 will be out with you. 155, 185 is en route to your location, I'm getting Metro started as well. 156, 157, I'm en route also, I'm about 15 out. Do you want them or ? . Copy , it's located here. Hey guys, it's your building, I can't get in, if you have anybody coming , just call them out. Okay, as we have them per your request, we have a company of about 3 units, correction, about 3 minutes out and Metro started as well. How can I secure a building? 156 radio, go ahead and make me , I think my complaint can just pull it off. Go ahead and cancel all other units. Copy, all units cancel, and all units cancel as we're responding to 4609 Beechbrook Rd. Complaint has pulled off, it's all figured out as well. Correct. Sir, . Copy, 30 execution in CAD, clear. Execution clear, 12-42.
